1. You must know how to find potential quality affiliates. How can you do this?

First you must know their characteristics. Potential quality affiliates are those who are keen on earning online programs and have the capacity to transact online, meaning they have a credit card or paypal account for obvious reason that they will need to buy later if they like to earn from SFI.

Second find these people in groups related to earning online, just use the search bar to find these groups. Usually people from North America, Europe and other advance countries have credit cards. You will know them by their family names and their pictures. Then start befriending them. In twitter use same search to find people talking about earning online and start following them until they follow you back.

2. You must know the technical aspects of posting your gateway links. FB and Twitter and other social media sites are no longer accepting SFI links, so you must learn how to get around this technical problem.

One way to do this is to make a landing page where you can explain SFI some more and when they become interested they can click using your SFI gateway link.
===
Facebook and Twitter block SFI/TripleClicks links. They are regarded as spam, not because of the nature of SFI, but because of SFI's popularity; there are just so many affiliates using, or attempting to use, their gateways on social media.

One great way to get around this is, like so many have already mentioned, write about SFI on a blog, then post the link to the blog.

There is another way that I am using: buy your own domain name and set up subdomains.

It would work like this: buy a domain e.g. www.myinternetbusiness.com, set up a subdomain e.g. secondincome. Your link would then look like this: http://secondincome.myinternetbusiness.com

Make sure that when you set up your subdomain,
you set it up as a 'cloaked' or 'framed' redirection,
otherwise FB/Twitter/Pinterest will see the SFI gateway behind it and continue to block it.

There are forwarding/shortening link providers like bitly, but they often do not do the 'cloaking', which is why they are often not suitable for SFI links.

I bought a .com domain name for only a couple of dollars, and can create up to 100 subdomains on it, so I can use a separate subdomain for each of several internet businesses I have, including all of my SFI/TripleClicks gateways.

I also use my main domain name for my website/blog, using the free hosting package I got as part of my introductory offer with the web hosting company.
===
All my facebook friends are friends and not prospects. Therefore I use a strategy that is two fold.

1. I soft sell. I share common links and videos and websites of interest but embed my SFI ads in the share. Here is an example:

What a great day we had with family here. This is the Songkran holiday season. It is a wild and crazy holiday. It is like a city wide water fight. You cannot go out of your house without getting wet. Here is a great video of what happens, check it out. The video is the town where I live. It is amazing.
http://www.syrwebdesign.com/y/geo/Songkran

Now I use a tool offered on TripleClicks that will embed my SFI ads into the website I am sharing. They get to see the Tiger Kingdom and get exposed to my ads. Soft Sell.

2. Whenever a special moment occurs I do not just say congratulations, I say here is a reward, a free $12.00 gift card you can use in my store. I do this on Linkedin when someone starts a new job, or has an anniversary, or a birthday. I will also go to TripleClicks and, knowing them, I locate a product that they would have interest in.

As a result I now have, as of this writing, 612 PRMs as GTL.
===
Advertising on Social Media is an easy way to reach consumers especially in targeting certain demographic groups! With SFI, we have various target markets due to the nature of the business.
*****Network Marketer
*****Advertisers
*****Home-Based business
*****E-Commerce (internet-based businesses)
******Wholesale Corporations
******Yard-sales, Tag-sales, antiques, Trading shows, Garage sales
******At home Moms or Dads seeking Second Incomes
******College-aged
******Musicians- wanted
******People who love deals or Auctions


Now, with the aforementioned group of Targets you can see we have a wide variety of consumers that would be interested in SFI, TripleClicks, Price benders, our ECA Program (E-Commerce affiliate) and Musicians.....therefore when you go to advertise on these social media you need to Target your Market first!

1) JOIN Groups on Facebook!!! ALL that pertain to the list above! Start with your state, then move out of state!
2). SHARE-It's!!! Any time you reach a mini milestone on SFI you get a SHARE-IT...USE THESE FOR Twitter, FB, Google+, etc.
3). SFI has certain ads that work on Facebook, utilize these!!!

Once you JOIN the Groups place ads regularly, add a key code so you can track the results; be sure you track every Saturday because Hit Tracking is Re-Set on Sundays!

If you follow the above you should be all set!! I would also JOIN every FREE SITE YOU CAN TO ADVERTISE!!!
===
Another important consideration is the timing of social media postings. Your postings will depend on your target audience - what works for their schedule. In general, when looking at other companies, early morning and early evening are ideal. Most people leave for work just after 8:30 and get back after 5 pm; therefore,posting around 8 and 5:30 would show up for these people when they check their social media accounts before and after work
===
1. First, consult your sponsor, upline or ask for support groups if you can somehow get subdomein that leads to your gateway for subscription.
2. You can use services that generate new links that lead to your gateways. The most famous such services are easy to find on Internet. When you generate a new link shortening the referral link, you need to do a Redirect with masking (Forward with masking) link. These services mask your original link from search engines, so the new generated links can be used in social networks.
3. You can make your own blog where you can post your links or banners from SFI. All these platforms have certain advantages and disadvantages, but in general on each platform you can make a nice blog or website to build up SFI's opportunities.
4. AS an advanced method recommended by SFI, and internet marketing in general in such cases is to purchase your own domain name. Then, on this domain you can create blog or web page where you can write about your offer here and put referral links and banners.
Finally, especially important!
Follow the SFI ant spam policy.
1. You can set posts with links in the Facebook groups where it is allowed! Look at the groups if their rules allow linking, ads, etc.. Watch whether the group has other advertising and whether it covers the topic related to your business, eg. Online Business, Making Money, Free advertising, etc..

2.Do not place posts in a row in the same group. When there are so many ads that are the same and posted on the same groups, people quit looking at them.
3. Always before you place a link in your ad on social networks such as Facebook, try does it work. Put the link to the post and publish it! Then click on that link and see if it works well.
===
The reason why it can be tricky is due to perceived spam. You see, SFI is such a large global enterprise with countless numbers of active affiliates that if we were all to submit our links to Facebook, Twitter, etc., their anti-spam filters trigger only on the domain. Indeed, that is precisely what happened and is why we are blocked from advertising our gateway links on such sites. 
===
Open an account on FaceBook.

Create groups for advertising purposes. Create as many as you can manage and as FB will allow. There are many network marketing related groups already in existence and you can join these but I believe that you should also create your own and invite others to join your groups. In that way you retain administration of your groups.

Post you ads on these groups. With your own groups - always pin your ads. This will ensure that anyone visiting your page will see your ad because it will always stay at the top of the page. With other peoples groups post as often as are allowed on the group pages where the administrator does not pin ads. With the pages where the ads are pinned your ads will away play second fiddle to the administrators ads.

If you are not too worried about pinning your ads at the top of the page, other advertisers can pay for the privilege of having their ads pinned - you make some money that way.

Because of the large number of people posting on groups, ads are quickly replaced and you therefore need to post as regularly as possible, constantly putting your message before the world.

There are auto posters out there that will post your ads on Facebook. These are the best but be very careful how you use them. Facebook seems to arbitrarily limit peoples activities and people don't have a say. They will suspend your account if they suspect that you are a robot or you make too many postings a day. The daily posting limit fluctuates. You cannot communicate with anyone at Facebook to plea your case so you just have to wait out until they decide to un-suspend you. So be Very Careful.

I have focused on Facebook because it is the largest and the most well known.
===
First of all, you aren’t really selling a product. You are selling yourself.
People do business with people they like and feel confident in.

The most important Tools for Social media:

1- Your Social Media Strategy
2- Be Seen on Facebook
3- Tweet on Twitter
4- Connect with Colleagues on LinkedIn
5- Broadcast Your Business on YouTube
6- Growing Your Social Media Presence
7- Provide valuable content.
===

Do not advertise on social media.

Create your own website if you don’t have one already. Do all your selling on this website and have links on this website to your SFI Gateways (Some social media platforms don’t allow SFI URL’s to be placed on them.) You can have more than 1 website if necessary.

Use social media to build relationships, warm up leads and provide valuable content, which will attract more people to your social media page. Be very active on your social media pages. Be seen on Facebook, Tweet on Twitter, Connect on Linkedin, Like and follow people and pages, Post Comments, maintain a blog, etc. but follow the etiquette for that specific social media platform, whether it’s Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin, etc. You want to sell yourself, not a product or service. People connect or befriend people they like and feel they can trust and have something to offer them, so build a relationship, and be creative.

Also befriend or connect with eager socializers who have the same interests as you or like sales, internet marketing, network marketing, affiliate marketing, home business, online business, penny auctions, E-commerce, etc. or are unemployed and looking. You can identify them through their bio or posts and comments on their social network page. Make comments on their posts, follow them, like and share things they post that interests you until they notice you. Message them and ask questions about what they do. Ask questions that will qualify or disqualify them as possible candidates for online marketing. Every answer can lead to the next question. Don’t be in a hurry to talk about SFI. Take an interest in them, then they’ll return the favor and they will be curious as to what you do. They will now start to ask about you. Don’t send them directly to your website or SFI Gateways immediately. Now you can start telling them about what you do in SFI. When they are interested to become active in network marketing, you send them the links to your website or SFI Gateways.

If you have the time to follow the steps above, it is the best according to me, but if you don’t, you can just place links to your website on your social network pages on which they can click to take them directly to your website. By now they will know what you do and what SFI is about.

===
To advertise your SFI business in facebook and other social media successfully at first you need a blog/website. You can create a free blog/website easily as it is mandatory to advertise in social networking sites, if you want to be successful. I am explaining one by one

FACEBOOK

Write a few sentence about SFI/TC to attract your audience. It should be short but effective. Add your links at the bottom. In this field you have to add your blog/website gateway link as facebook will not allow you to advertise with SFI gateway link as per their Rules etc

You can add your TripleClicks gateway links as there is no restriction in it. But to get new sign ups which is essential - you need SFI Gateway link. Your blog gateway link will perform a great deal in this regard. Now advertise your business at random in your facebook wall and several groups daily to get an effective result

When you advertise in facebook groups it is better not to add any flyers, images of SFI/TC to avoid blocking by facebook authority. Group admin or other members may object anytime and facebook will block your advertisement for a long period. So be cautious about violation of Rules of the groups. Plain text ad is mostly safe. You can upload image, flyers in your own wall but not in groups

LINKEDIN

Write a short text ad and post it “Work from home” groups in Linkedin. In this field you also have to use your blog/website link as Linkedin will not allow SFI Gateway link like facebook. Exception – TripleClicks Gateway links. You can also highlighted your remark about SFI/TC in your Linkedin profile in brief even upload flyers, images

PINTEREST - Same as above. You have to use your blog/website link to advertise

TWITTER

It is great in social networking sites as there are no such restrictions about gateway links except number of character of text ads. So write short text ad - add your SFI/TC gateway links - twit separately to advertise your business daily in twitter comfortably

Besides these you may advertise your business in other social networking site but above all you need a blog/website link

Hope this will helpful to you to utilize social media to be successful in advertising your business 

===

First things first, the tool you can use for registrtation can be a simple blog post or a website page with a short invitation to join.

Second, you have several ways to legitimize your private business on social media:

1. YOUR Pages and groups- create a page and/or a group with a simple, non-entrusive name like "Your name's Online Office" or "Your name's private business training" and you can advertise that anywhere. The important thing is that these contain a pinned post with presentation of what you do and a url to join as well as some educating files. Your page and group are a place were you want to generate actives, and actives need to educate.

2. Paid ads- for your page, group or a direct signup-page from your blog or website. Be sure to carefully compose and target your ad campaign, and for that two things are important:

2.1. Key words. FB charges you for visitation of your ads. That's why you want as more serious people clicking your ads as possible!
It's better to have few people click and become active than more people click and don't even register.
That's why it is important that you state that the work is in refferal marketing and sales for a retail webstore.
You will have less people clicking but better chances of activity.
At the end of the day, you don't need people who are not interested in marketing and sales clicking your ad and signing up.

2.2. Targeting. If you are paying, go for older g
roup of people- over 35 (more serious, experienced,patiend), gender doesn't matter and make sure you target "Online shoppers- ingaged" in "Behaviours". These are people who have spend at leasxt $100 shopping on fb past three months and they are more likely to shop from TripleClicks and know other ingaged online shopers to advertise their business to. 
===
When you have your wanted groups it's time for making the add. Make your text short, understandable and interesting for reader, on SFI section " My SFI Gateways" choose your link, with your ID number on it that is not blocked by Facebook, on Google choose "bussines" and from photos choose one of the photos that you want and modify it with one of the softwares.

Put your ad on Facebook along with the photo you chosen and try your link if it is working.

Later, if anyone on any of the facebook groups puts unwanted comments my suggestion is to delete that ad and put it all over again and unwanted comment will be removed. Don't put your ad on your friends facebook wall, just put it on facebook groups and....send 1 ad in 1 group a day, 3-5 ads in one interval then make pause, because if you send too many ads in short time Facebook might bann your facebook profile. 
===
Well I would say that in order to successfully advertise on Facebook as well as on other social
Media platforms it's best to have your own easy to remember domain name or blog or cloak your links or use the URL shorteners as many of the SFI gateways are being banned by Facebook and try to join Facebook Groups
where You feel the earmarked products and services being offered will be of much interest and beneficial in that
Respective group or groups .

LINKedin : best to post your ads to Freelance , work at home entrepreneurs , self employed business people,

TWitter: maximize on the 140 letters characters allowed to reach out to potential PSAS and PRMS

Always SCOPE and target the various products and services that will be useful and popular to people
In that specific regions or countries lie GEO political specific - NICHE specific e.g promoting winter clothing to countries that
Have fierce cold winters or temperatures and then attract the necessary traffic of these targeted potential
Customers over to the appropriate TC listings and the likelihood of them making a sale is much higher all
Things being equal say in terms of pricing, quality, free shipping. Etc.

Some Food for thought before you go out to promote on Facebook and social media lets not reinvent the wheels

For some more ideas on how to use social media sites to promote SFI and/or TripleClicks, check out these ASK SC threads:
www.sfimg.com/Home?tab=ask_sc_question&id=1045
https://www.sfimg.com/Home?tab=ask_sc_question&id=6841
===
Remember successful adverting of any kind is that which produces the desired results. All social media is just that social. So you must start with the conversation then build a bridge to your product or service. Generally speaking people do not go to Facebook to join a business but to socialize. It's the same thing with all the other social media. 

Create a buzz around your content, products, and/or services and you are likely to gain momentum in the right direction. Expand your social network by making new friends, and strategic alliances with people in the know. 
===
it is best idea If you wish to advertise on Facebook.
SFI gateways are banned by Facebook because
they have been used on Facebook so much.
Personally I have shortened my sfi getaways from page linking and made a fan-page on Facebook
to get as many people as I will have likes from Facebook users .

By updating the page with my shortened sfi links and photos will keep
people interested in my facebook page and have a good possibilities
of gaining more prospects as my friends tell
their friends about my page.

I also send out tweets on twitter quite often. There are
many other social media sites for example ( LinkedIn, Google plus, vk.com or many more ) where we can put the word out about SFI.

As with all advertising free programs we will really have good results. by updating our pages and posts daily we could make some PSAs and ECAs every day. 
===
In my case, I made a separate twitter account just purely for the purpose of SFI business. And building my profile, firstly I used the smallest size of SFI banner rather than my own photo (http://static.sfimg.com/SFIBanners/banner449.png).

And then, introducing myself, I used some simple modified version of SFI text ads in the "Marketing Aids" in "Marketing" section in the main menu bar, ending my SFI gateway and my SFI blog links.

Many people don't know the fact that the more people you follow, the more followers you get! So, everyday try to follow 30 people, then you would get around 5 to 10 people who follow you, in my previous experience. These people are your asset you can get access with your own recommendation regarding SFI business, not right away but some days. Of course, it takes time for you to build up some social relationships with them, but it will work when you get some credibility I am sure. 
===
www.weebly.com http://www.web.com/
www.web.com http://www.wix.com/
https://www.blogger.com/start http://www.godaddy.com/
https://wordpress.com/ http://www.weebly.com/
www.simplesite.com http://www.squarespace.com/ 

1. Buy a domain for yourself that will be appropriate for promoting the Gateway you wish to use in your advertising. Note that domains can be purchased for as little as just $12.99 a year (just $1.09/month) at registrars such as GoDaddy. You can help us a little bit with our growing server hardware costs by purchasing your domain(s)HERE(GoDaddy will pay us a small commission). Or, if you already have a domain, you can set it up as well.

2. Follow the simple directions provided at our new Gateway Hosting Manager page HEREto set up domain, the DNS record, etc.

3. Allow a few days for your domain to propagate.

That’s it—you’re ready to roll! And our hosting of your Gateways is provided 100% FREE.
===
1. Free advertising I like to call "group advertising". You can go on Facebook's search engine, type some words (such as: business, job advertising, advertisements, free classifieds, classifieds, ads and so on) and select "groups" in menu on left. You can join in this groups you will like to post your ads in and post your ads. I usually practice rule: one post per group per day. This rule helps me from being blocked on Facebook or even reported for spamming people.

2. Paid advertising - best option for me was to create Facebook FAN Page (for free), get at least 200 Likes on this page and than write an advert on this page. If you have at least 200 likes, you will be able to promote that "ad post" from page and that made me best results. It is also the cheapest option for me. You can target wanted countries, age groups of people, and set your daily budget ($5 per day minimum). You can boos this post for only one day or even more and you can always stop promoting if you think you got wanted results.

A thought about Google+:
Be careful there, they have pretty stricter rules and they do not like advertising there. They do not have account block as Facebook has - they immediately close your account if you violate their rules. I use Google+ only to promote my blog about business which I write regularly.
===
Facebook is nice, they allow you to post ads to a fan page you create that people can directly opt in to your ads directly and those are free to get and easy to build. They also have paid advertising which is still very affordable compared to say Google Adwords.

A social network is strictly for socially connecting with like minded professionals and building relationships that can be beneficial both in respect to personal desires and financial situations.

In short make friends, get to know them, build trust, and talk business when the time is right and no ads.

Advertising sites are for advertising and ad boxes, not social media. Take the time and you will find you 5 diamonds and your business will explode.
===
writing a blog is the best option. Maybe you can include some products from TripleClicks that are in sync with the topic you're writing about, instead of just writing about business and putting your refferal link to enable the visitors of your blog to sign up.

Be very careful with Facebook, your profile can easily get bloccked. Quality is more important then quantity.
===