FIRST THREE MONTHS - how to succeed


First three months in this job are crucial. It takes a lot of work and perseverance, but it is also necessary to outline your goals and make a plan for their implementation. Use these guidelines to look, aim and plan your activities in the first three months of work in SFI. Also, aim and activities of your PSA in this direction. This is a precondition to succeed and get your first earnings that will increase each month magnified in proportion to your work and the work of your team.
These are the basic activities related to building your own team and the so called duplication, which is in the beginning of your work the most important activity. If you want to succeed in this business, it is recommended that in the first three months focus is on forming a team and duplication.
It certainly does not limit you to promote products, auctions, ECA with Tripleclicks. 

  FIRST MONTH
1. Get regular daily, weekly and monthly tasks (check regularly your VP leadger to see if you miss any of the tasks, all points are valuable)

2. Familiarize yourself with the terms of the competition E365 
Play the third regular T-TIME and Daily grand (prizes are useful and can help you in the first and second month to top up points you need for status and 
reduce financial investments). Also try  other games at TripleClicks (for those beginning with free entry - Card King).

4. By the end of the month earn EA status (1500 LP)

5. Save the rest of the points of spare tasks from your VP Leadger for the coming months when you will be needed

6. Read every day a few lessons from Launchpad's (all you need to know about SFI is here. Do not reply to questions from the lesson, save points for the coming months)

7. Learn, read, learn - in our files, on your SFI account

8. Start with advertising, Referrals and get your members to achieve  EA status

9. Check your email address, monitor and participate in group work, communicate with your sponsor, colleagues and their members

 SECOND MONTH
1. By the end of the month confirm the status of EA (EA2 status)

2. Operate regular daily, weekly and monthly tasks (sometimes it happens that a couple of points missing to confirm the status, so do not miss assignments)

3. Build your team and your active PSA bring to the end of the month on the status of EA or EA2 (for each member EA2 have 100 VP)

4. Help your members in advertising and building a team, teach them to do the same thing as you, apply the principle of duplication

  THIRD MONTH
1. Obtains the status BRONZE TEAM LEADERS! Long stay in the EA2 STATUS WILL NOT BRING YOU SUCCESS OR PROFITS!

2 Bring as many of your members to EA2 status (from EA2 members have 100 VP each, and if you are team leader their points will count in your earnings)

If you do this you'll allow yourself to start the third month to make money from the so-called Matching VP points, which you have of your members with EA2 status, provided only if you are at least Bronze team leader.
** NOTE: In the first month of your work consider to buy NMP package that is available 30 days after registration. Buying NMP package you can provide yourself EA status in the first two months.
Also, you should know that if you decide to set up a standing order 125 TC (which immediately get you 1,500 VP) you will automatically become EA2 in the first month  (EA confirmed status, then skip a single step). If you have 5 PSA (direct members) than you can achieve the status of Bronze team leader in your first month. With these options that you have available, consult with your sponsor / upline.
 ** More on the method of calculating earnings have the compensation plan https: //www.sfimg.com/Reference/Com ...