Before getting businesses from alibaba.com to sell products on TripleClicks as ECAs, you need to know what alibaba.com is all about and find out more about alibaba’s business model and the type of businesses involved. 

I visited the alibaba.com site and here’s what I’ve found out: 

1. It connects Chinese exporters with companies elsewhere in the world and charge commission for its connection service. 

2. Platform for global wholesale trade with over 40 major products categories including consumer electronics, machinery and apparel. 

3. No listing fees for products but makes most of its revenue from advertising on its various sites. 

How do you get businesses from alibaba.com to become ECAs and sell their products on TripleClicks? 

- You can join for free on this site and connect with suppliers to sell their products on TripleClicks. 

- The site has “My Alibaba” tab containing such features as “Message Center, My Favorites, Buy, Get Quotations Now, etc.” which allows you to engage with suppliers. From here you can exchange private contact information. 

- Having the private contact information of the suppliers from alibaba.com, you can start engaging in your ECA prospecting. Use the available tools and resources for referring/signing up ECAs provided by SFI appropriately. 

- Develop a communication strategy that will make TripleClicks very attractive for ECA prospects by mentioning the SFI/TC facts and figures and the TC latest developments, services and programs. 

- Emphasize what’s lacking on the alibaba.com, such as the benefits of becoming an ECA and TC features that alibaba.com don’t offer. You can mention here the potential of millions of affiliates worldwide promoting all TC products which include ECAs.

===

First of all, if a business is on Alibaba they have good reason to be there. We are not trying to dissuade merchants from using whatever channel they think is best for their business. Do this and you will probably offend most of them or get flagged as a spammer. 

Instead, why not shop their stores and understand what their marketing strategy is? Just because someone sells on Ebay doesn't mean that they are a serious seller. So you need to build rapport with the merchant. Partner with them to some degree. Then present the TripleClicks all-in-one solution. Any businessman or businesswoman can recognize value when they see it. Let them decide to come to TripleClicks and then help them make a profitable transition. 

In conclusion I am quite sure that many sellers will be flocking to TripleClicks in the very near future because our Alexa ranking is continuing to improve. We boast over 4 million members. It is a global marketplace. There are many improvements in the pipeline and our support is on the edge of what's happening in this industry. So do ventures and build relationships that will certainly be profitable for years to come. 

===

Alibaba is becoming very popular as the warehouse where people all over the world stock their stores, major merchants around the globe buy in other to resell from alibaba. I personally buy my stuffs which I also resell online from alibaba. 

An ECA with SFI or Triple Clicks is a merchant who brings his goods and services to this platform to sell to the community of certified buyers who cut across nations and continents. While alibaba is the largest supplier of manufactured goods, Sfi and tipple clicks are the two platforms that can produce the largest number of buyers. In SFI, there are merchants as well as manufacturers. 

Any memeber of SFI who is very serious about his or her desire to make money will do well to buy very cheap and in large quantity from alibaba and sell at retail price at triple clicks as an ECA. This way, you will be able to sell cheaper than the retail price on the shelf. Our SFI community will buy at cheaper rates because you will be buying from the cheapest source and in large quantity. 

My advice therefore for anybody who is already an ECA but have no goods or services to stock can begin from this moment to explore the possibility of raking in profit from alibaba through SFI. 

===

++
This is where you need some writing skills. Draft out a letter and go over it many times to get the spelling and punctuation correct. Use the Word program which can do this for you. 

Go through the list of business at Alibaba and select the ones which you think may have products that will do well in the TripleClicks store. 

When writing, you can make the following points: 

-	to become an ecommerce associate and sell products is completely free; 
-	products can be listed for an indefinite time; 
-	there is charge only if the product sells; 
-	that you will assist them to download their products if they are unsure of the process; 
-	advise your prospect that there are over XXXXXXX sellers; 
-	products are listed either locally, globally or country specific; 

After you have drafted your letter, purchase some TripleClicks letterhead and envelopes to give your mailings a professional look. At the same time, purchase some brochures and some professional business cards to enclose with your letter and make sure you have provided your contact details. 

You are now ready to complete and send your mailings out. 

===

I just had an AHA! moment. The question is not asking how you present the ECA program, but it does ask how you describe TripleClicks to prospective participants in the ECA program. 

They want to know what it is, what's in it for them, what they will get out of it, what it costs, what they have to do, and will it be worth their time. But their first question will be what is it? 

In the past, I have gone to great lengths and costs to promote the ECA program. I bought the TC business letterhead stationery and letterhead envelopes. I wrote out a friendly letter describing TripleClicks and the ECA program and why it would be good for each of them. Then I put in a ECA brochure and a Gift Card, mailed it off. All together it cost about $5 each. 

!!! What I did wrong was I did not personally follow up with each business. I also confused the main idea of referring an ECA with gaining a PRM. I tried to get two bangs for my buck. And I got nothing. 

What I did do right was describe TripleClicks in a way they understood. Just saying that it is an online web-site to buy and sell products does not do it justice.I tell them that it is like a giant shopping mall where different vendors are encouraged to offer all sorts of products and that even private individuals are encouraged to sell used items in great shape. I tell them that TC is the marketing partner of SFI, an affiliate online marketing opportunity where a million affiliates get special credit for buying products and for selling products by advertising them. And that I have been a member and worked with TC for _years. 

I tell them that their cost is minimal, including that amount they pay covers the maintenance of their free web page, the administration of the order taking, payments, and seller notifications. The only cost to them is that 15% of the sales. They have unlimited ads and years of membership. 

!!! This year I will meet retailers face to face and do follow ups. I will give them an ECA brochure until all of mine are used and then switch to whatever SFI is coming out with. I will not waver off the ECA purpose until I am sure the retailer will not be referred. 

===

! FEATURED ECA

First, Open your own ECA and learn exactly how it works. 

Second, As you learn the benefits of owning an ECA you will be able to recruit vendors easily. For example, I have an ECA and it has been the Featured ECA. This is a powerful tool/opportunity for any vendor. You get a huge amount of exposure for your store. Any retailer would love it. 

When I was featured I went from making sales once every three days or so to every single day. 

Also because I am an ECA I learned the benefit of the weekly ECA communication tools.

I set goals for myself. Then I hit the pavement walking down the main street and stopping in any shop that has an email, website, or other electronic indicators on their sign or store window. I walk in and ask would they like to increase their web exposure and online sales free? 

I explain that I will help them free to set up and train one of their staff to do everything that needs to be done to be successful as an ECA. I explain that SFI pays me to do this from the fee on sales. 

I prefer local vendors for my ECAs because I can help them and I will buy from them. 

The second thing I do is examine people's websites. When I find people trying to sell but who have no "Online Shopping Cart", I show them how to set up TC to be their Online Cart and back office support of all their eCommerce efforts. So many small outfits have email contact for price lists or for an actual purchase. I show them how TC can take care of everything from inventory to billing all automated for them. 

===

Got some queries from individuals across my own country as well as my neighboring countries in response to my advertisements in the Social Media. I did provide what ever details they asked for. But, I am yet to get their reply. 

Quite often, I invite some of my close friends with their families to my Home and show them the products available with TripleClicks.Com duly explaining all commercial aspects including prices, earnable commission, etc. Some of them deal in buying and selling of sarees, handicrafts, dress materials for the entire family, etc. They have evinced interest to become partners in selling at TripleClicks. 

I keep advertising my TripleClicks Gateway across different platforms – like Social Media (Professional Groups), Trade Fair Journals, Industrial Exhibitions, Consumer Goods Fairs, and so on regularly. I remain hopeful that I will be able to bring in more ECAs with fast moving consumer products, groceries, apparels, gem and fashion jewelries, Astrological services, etc in the near future. 

===

1) My main focus is on phone call canvassing I believe this to be one of the most effective ways of getting quality business owners to sign up to TripleClicks. Many people are uncomfortable with this prospecting method but I believe that if we want businesses with quality products that help TripleClicks rival eBay, Amazon and raise the value of each VP in the Executive pool we need to be prepared to move out of our comfort zones and do what is necessary. 

Background research before you call and continuous follow ups are important. The business owners have to believe that you didn’t just pluck their number out of the yellow pages. Each day I have to make a minimum of 100 calls to companies who I perceive to have products that are trending in the market and who already know how to sell on the internet. With these type of companies getting through to the decision markers is a little harder but worth the effort in the long run. 

2) Another strategy I am using is going on to social media sites and finding either groups or individual sellers and interacting. This strategy takes a bit of work because you will find that many business owners who have products that are in demand in their niches are real experts and if you want to be someone who gets to recruit them you need to be able to offer them something of value to her than just the ECA program – you are at liberty to disagree with that point if you wish but that is what I perceive is necessary to get the job done. 

WHAT MAKES YOU THINK YOU CAN BRING ME NEW CUSTOMERS? 

A valid question I have heard, after all that is the allure; the aim to increase sales revenue or why sign up as an ECA?
3) Right now I am in the process of building a site that I will use to not only promote the ECA program but also showcase the wares of some of the best ECAs on TC. This site is going to have a page for each ECA, I intend to do keyword research and find out what niche key phrase are the most profitable for their products. This strategy needs a lot research but when the money is right I will engage in Pay Per click advertising for the site to generate targeted visitors who actually want to buy from these ECAs. This is going to be an going process, a continuous working progress. 

When the site is ready I will promote it everywhere and anywhere I believe it will attract genuine ECA signups and paying customers for specific TripleClicks ECA offerings. 

For me this approach has most definitely been a interesting experience. I read up regularly on top sales and customer prospectors to get tips hints and strategies to aid my objective. 

===

F2F presentation strategy (webMinar, video prenetation, conference, 1 page site)

Some of the selling points are: 

The number of years Carson Services are in business. 
The number of years SFI is in business. 
The number of countries represented - which makes it global. Joining TripleClicks is the most amazing and most cost effective way to have a global market. 
They pay nothing if they do not have sales. They only pay commissions on sales 
They have thousands of affiliates marketing and promoting them and their business for free. 
Testimonials can help a lot to "sell" the concept. Just do not give them all the testimonials you can find - it may have the opposite effect - that you might be trying too hard. 

===

Here's what I would do: 

- Hit up small, local business that don't yet have an online presence, flea market sellers, local artists, and churches or other organizations that sell merchandise to raise funds. 

- Dress professionally, and meet with the business owner in person and explain what TripleClicks is, and how it works, and howner much TripleClicks takes from each sale. 

- I would try and know something about what they sell before I speak to them. Take that product or products and search for them on TC. I would look to see what type of competition they would have, if any, on TC, and explain that to them and what the benefits would be for their merchandise at their price to be on TripleClicks. 

- I would ask a rough estimate of the sales they make now, and then ask them to think what it wouldoes be like to go from selling in one city to selling worldwide. What kind of potential would they have? 

===

I do door-to-door marketing with my Flyer and complimentary card handy. 

I approach supermarkets and high street stores (not chain of stores) telling them my name and that I am an online marketing agent and an SFI affiliate. 

No small scale store owner is not happy making additional sales or exposing his products to a larger customer base. So he needs me. As a matter of fact, this is what they pay marketing consultants or employed marketing staff to do. Offering to do it free of charge until sales is made is an idea they readily embrace. 

I then bring out my flyer and introduce Tripleclicks many benefits and assure them I am always available to ensure their smooth engagement with Tripleclicks. 

Lastly, I collect their contact details and drop my complimentary card 

===

First off it is necessary to find or identify a niche market, one that you are familiar with, or have a passion for. Advertising over a broad range is quite difficult, it is better to select an industry that keeps up with with the latest trends, provide a necessity, or offers selections of products or services in demand. 

SFI provides an ECA Referral Guide, however everyone will not find or select the same methods even though the guide is where it is suggested to begin. At least become familiar with the do and don't portion, however it is necessary to locate where these markets are. 

I have been collecting shopping platforms with many merchants such as Amazon.com, Shopify, and Google Shopping, I also combine social media platforms to communicate with prospective merchants. 

I seek out those websites with immediate subscriptions or look for contact forms, and request to be added to the subscription list. Once the subscription is confirmed, reception of products and services arrive in the inbox where these prospects are placed under a "Prospect" label. 

As more information on these products and services arrive in the email, sharing what interest me on social media is initiated. This is where more followers and subscribers are likely to exist, and occasionally a seller or merchant will begin communicating and making offers. 

This is a very long process. Most merchants want to see if you have the ability to attract customers. They are not excited by mentioning the thousands of SFI Affiliates who have the ability to help. At the present I court at least 25 prospective ECAs. 

What I have found with these prospective merchants is the fact that most pitch directly to the advertising Affiliate. Even those we are connected with, these also send out direct messages, so it is likely a prospective ECA will want to see a demonstration of your abilities to perform. 

One of my prospects asked me this; "Can you sell product?" 

Another signed up, but sent me ads and literature about their products, wanting to see if I had the ability to sell individually. These two instances changed my outlook completely. 

Yes, we have gateway links to share, however we don't want to become link slingers either. This is where I changed my marketing strategy. I found 
Twitter and Pinterest to be the most responsive social media platforms to practice this strategy. Still in the learning stages it has been noted these environments produce more sharing of tweets, pins, and even boards in some instances. 

Creating a buzz is not easy. Many think this is free advertising, but it is also a method that leads to an opportunity to gather more leads. (no pun intended) 

These leads are also collected and filed in my email. Those merchants which are in communication with me are then entered into a file under a different email label. (active label) 

Most marketing is accomplished online. It was decided years ago to focus more toward online marketing as I began selling door to door at a very young age and find this to be very awkward in some instances. Online offers more possibilities for targeting purposes. 

Keeping focus on creating a buzz, it is found from experiences the initiation and developing a sharing environment is much more convenient for me. 

This information may be confusing for some, however the question specified how are you promoting TripleClicks to prospective ECAs.

===

1, i identified first if the products and services of the prospect,go in line with Tripleclicks rules in accepting products and services. 
2. if number one is yes, then i proceed with asking my prospect, if he will like to expand his business. Most times, the answer is yes. So, i proceed to number 3. 
3. next, i introduce Tripleclicks to him as my company. This builds trust. 
4. i share with him, what offers my company has for him to help him expand: 
a. Having his own business website that he can use to build his business at the same time his customer base. 
b. A whooping customer base of over 5 million members to make as customers. 
c. Generating and connecting him with customers at no cost to him. 
d. advert is on us. 
e. it is free to join. 
f. The featured ECA Program which could connect him more with more customers at the SFI Affiliate Center of about 16 million affiliates and its requirements of purchasing slots via Tcredits and how it can favour him eventually. 
g. we are spread abroad to over 190 countries of the world. 
With these watering benefits that has captivated my prospects, i proceed to the requirements. 
5, First, i tell him the reason for the requirements: 
a. To prove the authenticity of his business. 
b. To fight against fraud. 
6. Next, i give the requirements: 
a. verification documents of ID and bank statement. 
b. a website where his products or services are been sold and lastly 
c. if he has a physical store and 
d. a contact person who can stand as a guarantor. 
if he doesn't have the above, then i tell him of the $40 Tripleclicks Seller License and its benefits. 
7. Lastly, i will now tell him of our bargain price of 15% deduction when we've incurred sales for him and our promptness and efficiency of delivery of products and our return policy. 
i hereafter assist him in his final analysis. 

===

I think the direct contact would be the best solution, because it is necessary to establish a relationship of trust. Before you contact someone it is necessary to prepare a written advertising material and links (blog, FaceBook page or profile, etc.) that are necessary for advertising. 

You can make contact by: 

- Phone call 
- Visiting the store 
- Via your blog 
- Via FB page through which to publish advertisements 
- Through other sites through which you can publish advertisements 

I prefer to send link to my Blog (link with explanations of benefits and registration of ECA) to those Shop's owners who I know well and I have enough trust in products quality and store owner honesty. 

A lot of reasons and benefits for join SFI as a ECA you can find in training materials. 

===

Sincerely, Prospective ECAs that Tripleclicks is been adveritise to have seen different adverts from other companies, flyers, they have received business cards and many more. But it doesn't interest them because they are been faced with unnecessary points and instances. 

They now begin to ask questions such as 
- "Why should Ibecome an ECA with Tripleclicks?" Because they have different online stores that isn't working. 

- " Which of my products do I advertise?" Because there are many other people with my products. And sometimes chances of competing is low. 

- "Will my products be accepted at the TripleClicks store or not? Etc 

These calls for better strategy other than handing over cards, and pasting of flyers. A one on one advertisement is what is required. 

On meeting with the Prospect, make a writeup in the following order. Possibly a flyer will do. 

One sentence on who you are 
One sentence about TripleClicks and ECA 
One sentence about the contact's company - why would their product be a good match for a TripleClicks Store? 
One sentence on TripleClicks Free Store and Marketing 
Ask to set up a call or meeting for the following week 
In your email signature, link to your Tripleclicks website or blog 

Now, haven hand that over to the prospect begin to explain 
- How their products can be marketed at TripleClicks 
- Why it is safe to have a store at TripleClicks with no risk, no responsibility 
- Instant payment for sold products 
- Thousand of TripleClicks Affiliates who would be interested in the company's products 
- Number of other companies with the same product they sale and how they have succeed through becoming ECA. 
- Number of products they wish to list (TripleClicks recommended) 
- Department at TripleClicks that would suite their product 
- TripleClicks is BBB accredited 

Be professional about this, make it short within 10min maximum and ensure its really what anyone would like to hear again or view again in case of visual aid media presentation; you really want to make the opportunity count 

===

I believe that one of the best ways to promote our TripleClicks home business shopping site is face to face with the business owners. 
I would first present them with a binder of information, pictures & flyers from TripleClicks, showing them some of the many marketing tools available to our members to use to promote there products. 

Next I would then take them to the TripleClicks website and show them how easy and user friendly TripleClicks is, and how many of our members alone will see their products before they even started with promoting their products on their own website and Blogs. 

===

I am using banners every place I can post them on line.Probably 
sixty places. No takers. 

This summer I will go to mom and pop places and ask.I would like 
one hardware,one used clothing store, and one of several small business 
owners you find at flea markets. 

I should invest in a nice biz card with my picture on it.This will be 
stapled to a folder with other helpful aids to leave with potential 
ECA"s. 

===

I am e-mailing an ECA Brochure along with a Business card and short personal note inviting the reader to call if they have questions, or need more info. 

I try to filter my mailings to business that may not be doing a huge Internet business already. I make sure that they understand that I will be working to promote their items at no cost to them.

===

The shops are all over the world, from India, Serbia, Australia, Finland ... it was wonderful! Interesting people and interesting shops. Great for shopping.

===

!!! Support is a sale KEY!

I will browse the stalls and take particular notice of the sellers who are selling home made items to earn themselves some pocket money. I will concentrate firstly on these people. I will tell them of all the bonuses of TripleClicks selling and give them each a brochure and business card. I will point out the fact that their items can remain on TripleClicks and a charge is only made when their item sells….this in itself should be a good incentive for them to list some items. 

I will offer my help in uploading their goods – my place or theirs. If I am able to get together with several people who show some interest, I will arrange a morning tea get together to show them exactly how to do their uploading. I will provide my contact details and make it known that I am available to be contacted any time especially if they just want a general chat about TripleClicks or if they have any problems. 

Once I have signed up a few in this manner, I will switch to checking out some larger companies but with a somewhat different method. My method for the larger companies would involve a telephone call to the selected company to enquire as to the name and contact details of the sales manager. I would then use TripleClicks letterhead and envelopes to set out the program and include a ECA brochure and one of my business cards. 

The introductory letter would include my full contact details and offers of assistance as well as a run down on SFI and description of the company which is provided on the about us page at https://www.sfimg.com/Reference/AboutSFI 

=== 