EA2 STATUS with minimal investment

If you entered  your third month in SFI company, or just starting to build your team and now plans to hold EA2 status, here are ways to do that with minimal investment.
WHY IS IT IMPORTANT TO KEEP EA2 STATUS?

1. As EA2 have the right to a direct commission on any grounds
2.  You retain existing CSA members
3. You receive new CSA members
4. You get 10 TC credits bonus for certified status

Here's the solution for this transitional period (usually this is the third month if for any reason you are not successful in advertising and building the team):
The required number of points for EA2 1500 VP (can be from the purchase / sale or action)

DAILY TASKS:
10 VP X 30 = 300 VP (if the month has 30 days)
MONTHLY TASKS: 
Setting monthly targets 5 VP
Rating sponsors: 10 VP
T connect page: 5 Vp
WEEKLY TASKS:
Sending a team e-mail: 20VP  X 4 = 80 VP
Stream Post: 3VP  X  4 = 12 VP
TOTAL ACTION POINTS (daily, monthly, weekly) = 412 VP

To collect 1500 VP points (assuming you do not have EA2 members that are bringing you 100 VP each), the simplest way is to purchase individual TC loans or some of the packages TC loans.
 ADVICE HOW CAN YOU REDUCE monetary investments in EA2 STATUS:

1. While you are EA2 every 12th of the month (when calculated earnings) you will receive 10 TC for the previous month. You can use them at auctions. Be aware that you do not aim to win the auction, but to make MRP's to buy TC loans and thus reduce monthly costs for EA2 status. Therefore go to auctions DOUBLE (DOUBLE MRP) so that you have for each BID 10 MRP (the ordinary auctions for each BID get 5 MRP). You also get 1 VP for each action BID. Once you have collected 126 MRP can buy 1 TC loan and the transaction gain 102 VP. If you do this you will reduce monthly costs. When you bid on a double auction to replace the TC credits for MRP use the FLASH DRAWING option and you can get for 1 TC 4 TC with a little luck. 

2. Learn your PSA to do this and you will get the same percentage (direct commission) of their purchased TC loans. You can use that profits to buy TC loans and maintain EA2 status. Also let your PSA teach their PSA and thus increases your team depth. At one moment you will decide when to become Bronze Team leader.
NOTE: What you should know about your  balance (SFI member account): you must have more than $ 7 to use these funds. If the situation on the balance falls below $ 7, you can not use them. Therefore, wait for the end of the month and calculate how much you need to buy TC loans and immediately buy the required amount (not one by one), because once your balance  falls below $ 7, you will not be able to continue shopping.
The best tool in our work is duplication. Teach your PSA to do the same thing you do, and they will learn their PSA. If you do that you will succeed in this business.

3. PLAY T-TIME AND OTHER GAMES FOR FREE - free entry, whenever you can, because it is your free way to get to TC loan that will be exchanged for VP points for free. When you bid on a double auction to replace the TC credits for MRP use FLASH DRAWING and you can get for  1 TC 4 TC with a little luck. You have also Pick the price and Time Machine, but it is more a matter of luck. T time and Daily Grand are a matter of persistence and luck and do not miss it. Also, play Card King,  awards is also in the TC  and VP points (in the beginning make sure to play two free - free entry, so you qualify for the Daily Crown drawing - daily prize draw at TripleClicks where there are useful prizes). In any case to start Ttime and Daily Grand REQUIRED (believe me it's a big help to reduce investment), and other games  study and play based on your affinities and possibilities. Play all games that give DOUBLE MRP points (marked DOUBLE MRP), because it is more profitable for you in the beginning. Do not forget to Spin&Win game.

4. Build your team to qualify for the Leadership contest (Leadership Challenge)
https: //www.sfimg.com/LeadershipCha ...
where for 3, 4 or 5 new EA2 members you have in your team, within three months of each season (spring, summer, autumn, winter) you can get rewards in TC loans (100, 200 or 300 TC loans for 3,4 or  5  new EA2 members) that you can use in various ways to reduce your monthly costs to achieve EA2 status and even BTL.

 Eventually you will will find more opportunities to keep EA2 status with minimal investment (a TripleClicks site it really has, you just have to be active), until you build your team (do it as soon as possible), and become a successful team leader.
No business can be done without investment. The advantage of this deal is that you can decide when and how much you invest based on your assessment, your goals and opportunities. You have the ability to get som VP for free playing games (Ttime and Daily Grand primarily to start). But if you don’t have enough TC and  MRP on your TripleClicks account you will need  of the purchase invidual TC loans or any of the packages (at your will).  Do not let a few dollars be the reason not to achieve status.
 IMPORTANT: Staying on EA2 status is good only as a transitional solution if for any reason you were not successful in advertising. Staying to long  AS EA2 WILL NOT BRING YOU SUCCESS OR PROFITS, but it is important to maintain your status because  falling on the affiliate you will  lose the existing CSA members and you will not be able to receive new CSA members.
If you want to seriously doing this job it is important to maintain a minimum EA2 status. If all you are doing to previous advice you can do it easily with minimal investment. However, keep in mind that you primary goal is STATUS TEAM LEADER (for start BTL) because only the status of team leader (with the team) can bring success and profit!